it was real rule jens pascal the bvb
in may shortly after the dortmund again
German champion was the
Teaching a tumor died
shortly before his death he gave his parents
after his last cut
section in the house
the church council will be now
he brought to her son under the earth
has fought too much pain in the end
had and you do it now ye are
so heartless because of you is with many
people just great the pain
Shock from the sky to us like his
Parents suffer is church faith or
just collect money
I have faith in charity
Every day you have to pay taxes only
so that I may ask you like god
he will never forbid something like that
because true faith leaves you at the end
the love triumphs the true love for
jens that his association was his
last wish only this one stone
with hate and mourning 40 degrees the tears
away why love god to parents
just her life away we will never
experience
but this around has a sting
big mass at the 05
that will make you feel that way
important think
si
hold properly
for the little beet
then move back
in the car
fight what here
those who suffer and feel with
it was his last wish the church
that does not satisfy him I am
stunned that may not be true
think the right our god forbid
this tombstone
but no you have to believe it
he can not live and you can push
want him prohibit a dream that
is heartless I do not think it's good
Give the boy to be easy
lettering and you think you 're up to something
true love is your statements in the
press i find you disgusting yours
order I shit on this sheet
paper
if it was so all right then yes
we do it i believe in god too
this is not a heads song it is time
not every second person sees away here
because also the church no white vest
she does not see her
he is just taking the last one from the parents
force
who says that you are so important
think
keep right winter or write
the small shops
with these dull ones kicked in the warm
but in the matter and cost
in the internet portal facebook is the
support enormously meanwhile
Around 136,000 people are involved in the project
Wish fulfillment I would
Thank you very much to those who
so for my son and for us
insert that the boy his stone
really do not know how I like that
to make amends
because, as I said, that's really me
think that's just awesome
8th
he says that you are so important
must hold
we us
Write us what we think is right
also invested and season
trample
in danger
1 fight
I can not believe that , he is
many people are using it again
rained
Meanwhile, foreign jens have
Pochka visited and black yellow
adorned andreas flame finds it
but I do not want any
Lower stetten
then just a nice stone for
his beloved son too early
had to die